Initial support for control-plane security (#165)
IBM/the-mesh-for-data: website/content/docs/overview/architecture/index.md

{{< bullet n=8 >}} Processing jobs for preparing the environment for the application are running. The figure shows an example of creating an implicit copy job to copy data from PostgresSQL to Ceph.

{{< bullet n=9 >}} The application reads from and writes data to whitelisted targets. Requests are handled by `M4DModule` instances. The application can not interact with non-whitelisted targets.

> ### Control Plane Security

Reviewer: To match the documentation guidelines: 

```suggestion
### Control plane security
```

The traffic between the pilot and the connectors is secured by lavergaing the following Kubernetes and Istio security features:

> - Istio authentication policy(\*) enables mutual TLS between the pilot and the connectors.
> - Kubernetes authorization policy controls the ingress traffic of the connectors.
> 
> (\*) Applying Istio authentication policy is not part of the default {{< name >}} deployment.

Reviewer: Keeping `pilot` because this all page is outdated:
```suggestion
- A Kubernetes `NetworkPolicy` controls ingress traffic to connectors.
- Istio enables mutual TLS between the pilot and the connectors. Note that this is not part of the default {{< name >}} deployment and needs to be enabled explicitly.
```
